♪ People say the world can change ♪
♪ Far out here forever
stays the same ♪
♪ Waiting on the corner
for you babe ♪
♪ All the kids drive around ♪
♪ Nothing better than
the edge of town ♪
♪ A few will try but
no one′ll make it out ♪
♪ All the longing
to be something more ♪
♪ All of the dreams
that don't work out ♪
♪ (Falling for ya) ♪
♪ I think I′m falling for ya ♪
♪ If you ever wanna pick me up ♪
♪ I'm on the other side
of your neighbourhood ♪
♪ Drive out to where there's
nothing but the two of us ♪
♪ Until we disappear,
until we′re gone ♪
♪ I think it′s funny how
I've spent my life ♪
♪ Dying to get out
of this town alive ♪
♪ Praying for a way
until you arrive ♪
♪ You make the most
ordinary things sublime ♪
♪ Running home made you tough ♪
♪ Lonely in the town
that you hated for ♪
♪ So many years now
all you wanna do is stay ♪
♪ (Stay) ♪
♪ I was a little kid
they all beat up ♪
♪ Used to call me a faggot,
now I′m falling in love ♪
♪ Who'd have thought in these
streets I′d be falling in love? ♪
♪ I think I'm falling for ya ♪
♪ If you ever wanna pick me up ♪
♪ I′m on the other side
of your neighbourhood ♪
♪ Drive out to where there's
nothing but the two of us ♪
♪ Until we disappear,
until we're gone ♪
♪ I think it′s funny
how I′ve spent my life ♪
♪ Dying to get out
of this town alive ♪
♪ Praying for a way
until you arrive ♪
♪ You make the most
ordinary things sublime ♪
♪ I can't help myself
think about you naked ♪
♪ Leave the party with me,
they′re devastated ♪
♪ Listening to Lorde
with the windows down ♪
♪ I never wanna leave this town ♪
♪ If you ever wanna pick me up ♪
♪ I′m on the other side
of your neighbourhood ♪
♪ Drive out to where there's
nothing but the two of us ♪
♪ Until we disappear,
until we're gone ♪
♪ I wanna spend my life ♪
♪ Dying in this town
with you by my side ♪
♪ You know I′ve never
felt more alive ♪
♪ You make the most
ordinary things sublime ♪
♪ Your neigh-eh-eh ♪
♪ your neighbourhood ♪